feat(exporter-zipkin)!: do not read environment variables from window (#5465)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js: CHANGELOG.md

  * (user-facing): `baggageUtils.parsePairKeyValue` was an internal utility function that was unintentionally exported. It has been removed without replacement.
  * (user-facing): `TimeOriginLegacy` has been removed without replacement.
  * (user-facing): `isAttributeKey` was an internal utility function that was unintentionally exported. It has been removed without replacement.

> * feat(exporter-zipkin)!: do not read environment variables from window in browsers [#????](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js/pull/????) @pichlermarc

Author: ```suggestion
* feat(exporter-zipkin)!: do not read environment variables from window in browsers [#5465](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js/pull5465 @pichlermarc
```

  * (user-facing): `baggageUtils.parsePairKeyValue` was an internal utility function that was unintentionally exported. It has been removed without replacement.
  * (user-facing): `TimeOriginLegacy` has been removed without replacement.
  * (user-facing): `isAttributeKey` was an internal utility function that was unintentionally exported. It has been removed without replacement.

> * feat(exporter-zipkin)!: do not read environment variables from window in browsers [#5465](<https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js/pull5465> @pichlermarc

Author: ```suggestion
* feat(exporter-zipkin)!: do not read environment variables from window in browsers [#5465](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js/pull/5465) @pichlermarc
```
